docs: Update instructions for providing `GIT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY` (#7917)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_cloud/platform.md

### SSH Private Keys for Private Git Repository Package Access

> `GIT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY` is a reserved variable that should be set if you have private git repositories that accessed during `meltano install` can be access via SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GIT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY` is a reserved variable that should be set if you have private git repositories that are accessed during `meltano install` and can be accessed via SSH.
```
